I DO NOT HAVE A MAKE FILE


Edits to my design:
Realized that in my ER i was keeping track of offering price incorrectly.
In my ER every supplier that makes the same product must offer it for the same price
I changed this so that offering price is now an attribute of the can_make relation. 

DATA: i generated some of my data by hand and used mockaroo to randomly generate the rest

MANAGER:
	In the manager interface you can add a supplier as a vendor. It will not let you add a supplier Id that already exists
	If i had more time i was going to analyze amounts paid per shipment or supplier to keep track of who we do business with the most


RECALL:
	Currently my recall interface only will recall the specific ID that you supply and items of the same batch. 
	If I had more time I would have added that 
		it would also recall all the components of the product
		and any products that it is a component of.
	I also would have added something so that if you didnt know the specific ID of your product you could enter
	the name of the product and when you bought it and i would recall all inventory on hand at the time. 

	A good input to try for this interface is product_Id 43729 as it will change the recall status of 3 products

SUPPLIER:
	You must know your supplier id to use the supplier interface.
	Valid supplier Ids are: 99053, 34801, 403, 54841, 94634, 1
	With 1 being the id for the REGORK store

	Adding a product to the products you offer should never result in an error. I was unsure what to do in the case
	where you try to add a product that you already make- so i just alerted them that they already make it and return
	to the menu. 
	You can add yourself as a known supplier for the products that exist or make a brand new product
	If i had more time i would have created a method that capitilized the user input so that queries would be more accurate
	Because i didnt, when you enter a product name you need to enter it exactly as it is stated in the database	

	You can search for products by name or by ID to add them to your order

		ID's numbers 1, 2, 15 will all provide good output, but there are other product numbers that will as well
	
		Names- For placing an order I would reccomend using the search terms Wine and Cookie
		Listed above. If i had more time i would have added a method that took the input and capitilized the
		first letter of every word. For an accurate query you will need to type it as it appears in the list above.
		but you can enter a substring
			

ALL:
	All interfaces that insert into a relation that requires a date the date is hard coded
	I spent a really long time on how to generate a date and get it in the right format
	at this point i decided to cut my losses and hard code the dates. 
	For making specific instances of products this date is april 3rd 2019
	for shipping products this date is april 7th. (after the manufacture date so it remains consistent)
